all cities go to search mode responding
I PR W is some we started only six eight
years ago we bring all the production
crew and riders together and we trained
on avalanche safety first aid and other
challenges that we might face in the
field day one and we're just breaking
into knots and hitches just building the
foundation for what we plan on doing in
the field and we do some very exciting
things it's gonna be a good week
what are we setting up right here it's
an anchor we use this a lot to find the
edge of a cornice finding that perfect
spot if we're going to dig a pit on the
slope and then in extreme situations
where you're dealing with slips
the anchors are something you'd really
need to know there's no air today is all
about first aid which is hopefully
skills we never need to use but
essential for something goes down in the
backcountry how to save someone
the main areas I'm worried about is
pretty much next to me I don't see
bleeding I don't see bones the gas we're
doing a couple of different things one
of which is incorporating all of our
rope work actually using a manufactured
sled to put the patient in rig up a
pulley system to actually lift them up a
steep slope turn around here the next
top and lower them back down the last
couple years I've been riding with these
up-and-coming kids Frank and Jimmy and
last year we were out and giving out a
really scary fall you know that could
have turned into a real bad injury you
know now we not a take care of that have
a evacuation plan get the person out of
there you know I want my riding partners
to be as smart as possible because they
might need to be rescuing me someday
last day last scenario this is kind of
our big last and final scenario or we
try to put everything together so it's
really important that we do this kind of
tie it together so everybody's kind of
practice because the likelihood of it
happening is actually pretty real you
train because when something serious
goes down in the mountains it is the
most horrific feeling in the world and
it's something I expect to all the
people in the mountains with to always
be evolving and just retuning and so we
were down
you